README.md, before:

# Home Infrastructure

This is a repo containing all the core pieces of my infrastructure, plus scripts to help easily deploy them. All sections are managed using either Helm or Terraform.

## Dev vs Prod Infrastructure

Most of the time, there will be no dev infrastructure. However, all the projects in this repo are configured to support a dev environment, if experimental changes need to be worked on. 

## Sections

### k8s_setup

Some basic kubernetes files for initial setup.

### helm_deployments

Major applications & components of my Kubernetes cluster all configured as Helm Charts. Can be deployed with their run scripts:

```bash
./helm_deployments/{deployment name}/run.sh {dev or prod} {helm command}
```

### helm_library

These are library charts for Helm. Right now it's mostly just my app_deployment chart, the template for all of my applications. Please see `./helm_library/app_deployment/valuesExample.yml` for information on how to configure consuming projects. To publish the chart, use this command:

```bash
./helm_library/{library name}/run.sh {dev or prod}
```

### terraform_config

This is where deployed applications are configured via Terraform. Applications configured here should only be changed via Terraform to keep them properly in sync. Right now it's only nexus. To run these configurations, use:

```bash
./terraform_config/{library name}/run.sh {dev or prod} {terraform command}
```

## Secrets

A file called `.secrets` must be placed in the root of this project. It needs to contain 1Password credentials so that various projects here can access values within 1Password. The file should look like this:

```
onepassword_creds=BASE_64_ENCODED_CREDENTIALS_JSON
onepassword_token=TOKEN_VALUE
```

Commit message:

Feature/prometheus (#27)
* Beginning setup

* Working on adding prometheus

* Working on prometheus configuration

* Put more pieces together for ingress

* More work on values

* More progress with values file

* Working on new run script

* Updated readme

* Updated name to be grafana instead of prometheus for ui stuff

* Working on run script

* Values cleanup

* Working on run script

* Lockfile

* Added new namespace

README.md, after:

# Home Infrastructure

This is a repo containing all the core pieces of my infrastructure, plus scripts to help easily deploy them. All sections are managed using either Helm or Terraform.

## Dev vs Prod Infrastructure

Most of the time, there will be no dev infrastructure. However, all the projects in this repo are configured to support a dev environment, if experimental changes need to be worked on. 

## Sections

### k8s_setup

Some basic kubernetes files for initial setup.

### helm_deployments

Major applications & components of my Kubernetes cluster all configured as Helm Charts. Can be deployed with their run scripts:

```bash
./helm_deployments/{deployment name}/run.sh {dev or prod} {helm command}
```

### helm_library

These are library charts for Helm. Right now it's mostly just my app_deployment chart, the template for all of my applications. Please see `./helm_library/app_deployment/valuesExample.yml` for information on how to configure consuming projects. To publish the chart, use this command:

```bash
./helm_library/{library name}/run.sh {dev or prod}
```

### terraform_config

This is where deployed applications are configured via Terraform. Applications configured here should only be changed via Terraform to keep them properly in sync. Right now it's only nexus. To run these configurations, use:

```bash
./terraform_config/{library name}/run.sh {dev or prod} {terraform command}
```

## Secrets

A file called `.secrets` must be placed in the root of this project. It needs to contain 1Password credentials so that various projects here can access values within 1Password. It should also have the admin password for Grafana. The file should look like this:

```
onepassword_creds=BASE_64_ENCODED_CREDENTIALS_JSON
onepassword_token=TOKEN_VALUE
grafana_admin_password=PASSWORD
```
